I'm just posting this as a warning to others to not waste your time with PySimpleGUI and MikeTheWatchGuy because he likes to use other people for their coding efforts (and not give them credit), and treats his supporters poorly for no reason at all, all the while not properly maintaining his framework (and placing the blame of errors on his users instead).

I just learned that the sole maintainer of PySimpleGUI doesn't believe in keeping his framework up to date with current Python versions and that he does not believe in OOP (which is ridiculous, and is the reason why I had to rewrite this software without using OOP concepts as mentioned above, something I wish a would have known before starting the project with PySimpleGUI), which is why the various bugs that I listed in the readme were cropping up to begin with. After opening up an [issue](https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI/issues/2096) on his framekwork's github page, he just seemed flatout disinterested and pointed blame at Python, Tkinter, Mac, and myself, rather than owning up to the fact that his framework has bugs that he has been ignoring since Python 3.7.1, and possibly earlier. Note, that in his framework's documentation, he lambasts MacOS calling it "stupid" and frequently alludes to the fact that he doesn't like updating PySimpleGUI according to current Python versions because they're also "stupid" and have "bugs" that he can't figure out. Yet, he instead chooses to condescendingly blame the user in various issues that people open up. After highlighting this fact, he then stated that he can't help me because he can't be expected to fix people's entire programs (something I never even said, which you can see in the discussion). I started replying saying that he needed to simply run the program to observe the issue when he then again posted that the issue is with MacOS, Tkinter, and Python 3.7.4 and closed the issue. After that, he posted a sarcastic comment and then deleted it, to which I reminded him that comment histories on Github are public. I also asked him why he was behaving this way after I complimented his framework multiple times in the past, promoted his framework to others out of my own goodwill, and that it made no sense for him to act this way, especially since he had recently e-mailed me to thank me for my huge support of the framework. He then replied admitting that he deleted his comment and that he now feels berated and that he was banning me from his github page. I absolutely cannot comprehend the thinking behind this individual's actions, but I just wanted to warn others because I wasted so much time with this PySimpleGUI project.

After being treated poorly by him in this recent discussion, I have chosen to discontinue further development with PySimpleGUI. I will develop all of my future programs with different frameworks, where stability, being current, and friendly interaction is a number one priority. For now, Longevity will remain in its current state with no further updates.

After such an experience, I usually just move on, but I think it should be known how he treats people, so I'm leaving this interaction here for others to see: https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI/issues/2096; note that in this issue discussion, he sarcastically states that he never looks at entire programs when debugging, yet in this other [issue](https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI/issues/2095) he explicitly asks the user for an entire program to test and debug.

His disbelief in OOP can be found within his various Reddit posts among other things, but overall, I do not recommend working with his framework, PySimpleGUI, nor him, after my terrible experience with him. This is also the same person who sent me an e-mail stating he retired from tech and moved into the woods to remain anonymous because he's afraid people would "find him," whatever that means. Either way, the guy is odd and horrible to deal with, I again do not recommend working with him, a mistake I made unfortunately. I just hope others read this and don't make the same mistake I did, as I put so much heart into this program only for a single individual to cause so many issues with it because of their personality. I also find it unethical how he disallows outside contributors, but instead asks people to submit code fixes to him for his PySimpleGUI project so that he can commit them to the project under his account, thereby stripping the contributor of any credits to the project. Oh well, I was planning on porting it over to another language and framework anyway, as this was always meant to just be a proof of concept. Java and Swing, here I come!
